feat(docs): Adding new info to documentation (#7500)
immich-app/immich: machine-learning/README.md

This project uses [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation), so be sure to install it first.
Running `poetry install --no-root --with dev --with cpu` will install everything you need in an isolated virtual environment.

> CUDA and OpenVINO are supported as acceleration APIs. To use them, you can replace `--with cpu` with either of `--with cuda` (It is supported with [compute capability](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-gpus) 5.2 or higher) or `--with openvino`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CUDA and OpenVINO are supported as acceleration APIs. To use them, you can replace `--with cpu` with either of `--with cuda` or `--with openvino`. In the case of CUDA, a [compute capability](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-gpus) of 5.2 or higher is required.
```
